Padding does not hide that this is DNS (#160)
huitema/dnsoquic: draft-ietf-dprive-dnsoquic.md

Using QUIC might allow a protocol to disguise its purpose from devices on the
network path using encryption and traffic analysis resistance techniques like
padding, traffic pacing, and traffic shaping. This specification does not
include any measures that are designed to avoid such classification --

> the padding mechanisms defined in {{padding}} are meant to hide which
> names and records are looked up, but not the fact that this is DNS traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the padding mechanisms defined in {{padding}} are intended to obfuscate the specific
records contained in DNS queries and responses, but not the fact that this is DNS traffic.
```
